AMP-131331 update web unified SDK (#737)
amplitude/amplitude-docs: content/collections/browser_sdk/en/browser-unified-sdk.md

### Session Replay options

> All options from `@amplitude/plugin-session-replay-browser` are supported. See the [Session Replay documentation](/docs/session-replay/session-replay-plugin#configuration) for details. Set `config.sessionReplay.sampleRate` to a non-zero value to enable session replay. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Unified Browser SDK supports all options from `@amplitude/plugin-session-replay-browser`. See the [Session Replay Plugin documentation](/docs/session-replay/session-replay-plugin#configuration) for more information. Set `config.sessionReplay.sampleRate` to a non-zero value to enable session replay. 

Sample Rate controls the rate at which Amplitude captures session replays. For example, if you set `config.sessionReplay.sampleRate` to `0.5`, Session Replay captures roughly half of all sessions.
```

Author: Thanks Mark for reviewing it. I agree we should be more clear here. But let's keep the example code short to help customers set up quickly.
